Updating information about GitRepo Sync fail (#405)
rancher/fleet-docs: versioned_docs/version-0.11/troubleshooting.md

2. Save your changes
3. Run a "force update" on the GitRepo.

#### `GitRepo` sync fails without retry

A `GitRepo` may stop syncing and remain in a **Failed state**, in which case GitJob controller logs can show network timeouts or etcd request timeouts. This issue is more likely to occur when Fleet is under high load.

**Resolution**

Upgrade to a Fleet version that supports automatic retries for GitJobs. 
This update:

* Adds retry logic to Fleet apply operations.
* Reduces webhook update conflicts by replacing separate status updates and patch operations with a single patch operation.

> The `FLEET_APPLY_CONFLICT_RETRIES` environment variable controls how many times Fleet retries an apply operation when it encounters a resource version conflict. 

Reviewer: For docs belonging to versions older than v0.12, I'd be tempted to phrase this differently, as the current wording may read as if `FLEET_APPLY_CONFLICT_RETRY` already existed on this (in this case v0.11) version.
It could be as simple as:
```suggestion
From v0.12 onwards, the `FLEET_APPLY_CONFLICT_RETRIES` environment variable is available to control how many times Fleet retries an apply operation when it encounters a resource version conflict. 
```
or, in case we don't want to repeat the version number:
```suggestion
After that upgrade, the `FLEET_APPLY_CONFLICT_RETRIES` environment variable will be available to control how many times Fleet retries an apply operation when it encounters a resource version conflict. 
```
